live: markdown report support. (#3856)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/dvclive/api-reference/live/make_report.md

## Description

On each call, DVCLive will collect all the data logged in `{Live.dir}`, generate
a report and save it in `{Live.dir}/report.{format}`.

> The `format` is determied by the `report` argument passed to
> [`Live()`](/doc/dvclive/api-reference/live#parameters).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `format` The `format`
  can be HTML) or Markdown depending on the value of the `report
   argument passed to
   [`Live()`](/doc/dvclive/api-reference/live#parameters).
```
